the first time I saw the dried marshes
the dried Central marshes it was
literally a physical blow it was painful
seeing a place that you grew up in that
you have kept in your memories green
full of life birds and it's it's a
desert it's it's dead
and then you look at the destroyed homes
you look at the remanence of boats and
you wonder about the loss for the people
what did it mean
the indigenous Madonn tribes had relied
on the marshes for their livelihood but
as the satellite images show the marshes
once nearly the size of Wales had shrunk
to less than 10% of their original area
far too small to sustain the local
population starving and terrorized by
Saddam's troops the marsh Arab
population collapsed from a quarter of a
million to just a few thousand
[Music]
fleeing to elsewhere in Iraq Iran or
further afield most like fatty layer
ABBA thought their way of life had gone
forever
mom will cheer ahead navamsa no idea
right now I shouldn't be here no my
sudden
[Music]
you